feat: add warning on decorate (#2688)
fastify/fastify: docs/Decorators.md

The dependency check is performed before the server instance is booted. Thus,
it cannot occur during runtime.

> #### `decorateReply(name, value, [dependencies])` *(deprecated)*

Reviewer: This is not deprecated per se. Only with reference types.

```suggestion
#### `decorateReply(name, value, [dependencies])`
```

Note: using an arrow function will break the binding of `this` to the Fastify
`Reply` instance.

Note2: using `decorateReply` will emit a warning if used with a reference type:

```js
// Don't do this
fastify.decorateReply('foo', { bar: 'fizz'})
```
In this example the reference of the object is shared with all the requests: any
mutation will impact all requests, potentially creating security vulnerabilities or memory leaks. 
To achieve an encapsulation like we suggest to configure a new value for each incoming request

> in the [`'onRequest'` hook](Hooks.md#onrequest).

Reviewer: Maybe we could expand the docs a bit more:

```js
const fp = require('fastify-plugin')

async function myPlugin (app) {
  app.decorareRequest('foo', null)
  app.addHook('onRequest', async (req, reply) => {
    req.foo = { bar: 42 }
  }) 
}

module.exports = fp(myPlugin)
```

Note: using an arrow function will break the binding of `this` to the Fastify
`Reply` instance.

> Note2: using `decorateReply` will emit a warning if used with a reference type:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: using `decorateReply` will emit a warning if used with a reference type:
```

No reason to enumerate them.

```js
// Don't do this
fastify.decorateReply('foo', { bar: 'fizz'})
```

> In this example the reference of the object is shared with all the requests: any
> mutation will impact all requests, potentially creating security vulnerabilities or memory leaks. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In this example the reference of the object is shared with all the requests: **any
mutation will impact all requests, potentially creating security vulnerabilities or memory leaks**. 
```

> To achieve an encapsulation like we suggest to configure a new value for each incoming request

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To achieve proper encapsulation across requests configure a new value for each incoming request
```

Note: using an arrow function will break the binding of `this` to the Fastify
`Reply` instance.

Note2: using `decorateReply` will emit a warning if used with a reference type:

```js
// Don't do this
fastify.decorateReply('foo', { bar: 'fizz'})
```

> In this example the reference of the object is shared with all the requests, any
> mutation will impact all requests. To achieve an encapsulation like we suggest to use
> the [getter/setter](#getters-setters) feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example the reference of the object is shared with all the requests: any
mutation will impact all requests, potentially creating security vulnerabilities or memory leaks. To achieve an encapsulation like we suggest to configure a new value for each incoming request in the [`'onRequest'` hook](Hooks.md#onrequest).
```

See [`decorate`](#decorate) for information about the `dependencies` parameter.

> #### `decorateRequest(name, value, [dependencies])` *(deprecated)*

Reviewer: This is not deprecated per se. Only with reference types.

```suggestion
#### `decorateRequest(name, value, [dependencies])`
```

Note: using an arrow function will break the binding of `this` to the Fastify
`Reply` instance.

Note: using `decorateReply` will emit a warning if used with a reference type:

```js
// Don't do this
fastify.decorateReply('foo', { bar: 'fizz'})
```
In this example the reference of the object is shared with all the requests: **any
mutation will impact all requests, potentially creating security vulnerabilities or memory leaks**. 

> To achieve proper encapsulation across requests to configure a new value for each incoming request

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To achieve proper encapsulation across requests configure a new value for each incoming request
```

Note: using an arrow function will break the binding of `this` to the Fastify
`Request` instance.

Note2: using `decorateRequest` will emit a warning if used with a reference type:

```js
// Don't do this
fastify.decorateRequest('foo', { bar: 'fizz'})
```

> In this example the reference of the object is shared with all the requests, any
> mutation will impact all requests. To achieve an encapsulation like we suggest to use
> the [getter/setter](#getters-setters) feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example the reference of the object is shared with all the requests: any
mutation will impact all requests, potentially creating security vulnerabilities or memory leaks. To achieve an encapsulation like we suggest to configure a new value for each incoming request in the [`'onRequest'` hook](Hooks.md#onrequest).
```

Note: using an arrow function will break the binding of `this` to the Fastify
`Request` instance.

> Note2: using `decorateRequest` will emit a warning if used with a reference type:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note: using `decorateRequest` will emit a warning if used with a reference type:
```

```js
// Don't do this
fastify.decorateRequest('foo', { bar: 'fizz'})
```
In this example the reference of the object is shared with all the requests: any
mutation will impact all requests, potentially creating security vulnerabilities or memory leaks. 

> To achieve an encapsulation like we suggest to configure a new value for each incoming request

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To achieve proper encapsulation across requests configure a new value for each incoming request
```

Note: using an arrow function will break the binding of `this` to the Fastify
`Request` instance.

Note: using `decorateRequest` will emit a warning if used with a reference type:

```js
// Don't do this
fastify.decorateRequest('foo', { bar: 'fizz'})
```
In this example the reference of the object is shared with all the requests: **any
mutation will impact all requests, potentially creating security vulnerabilities or memory leaks**. 

> To achieve proper encapsulation across requests to configure a new value for each incoming request

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To achieve proper encapsulation across requests configure a new value for each incoming request
```
